they never gave me anything when I sweated
for a shot at the end of the month at 2000 km nobody
I knew what was going blood ambition
record if you win citizens if you
you love it if you lose it is that you do not
I mattered
I write every morning I will not shut up or
You're a painter who believes in something in the
panorama when you think I want
fame I just want to make things clear
I put them at bay although it must be the
grandmother everything fails I keep you in my
wallpaper I give the size to your
better shut up just one left a mark on me
my life and I'm still waiting for you to call me
and tell me to come back I do not forget
that bark that barks and if they do not go to
stop this here does not end issues
written from makes the other so many
that I 'm not going to take out in fucking life I know
that if I do it is serious I leave it in check
mine is another young move meo shut up
the fucking mouth but do not follow with lies
I know what effect you create and where it shoots
I did not have less
a micro warrior I spent Han
produced until very recently they do not have
no fucking idea of what it is not to have
money and now for winning me
Only everything I have tells me that I
It goes without knowing what happens first
confuses luck with effort when
I was in the ruin, and I went outside to
to earn my bread nobody was by my side
but envy in what will never be
able to do them and that is not worth with
be good there are many people without talent
which he has reached high only because it has
thrown a couple of eggs and others that by
lack of that for talent they have
stuck in the ground to me nobody pays me
the bills to me does not play me any
because for me there is only one